When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work
local?

    Perhaps if you are traveling and don't have your computer, or if you want to allow others to commit their work to your repository. Or if you want a safe way to store your data.

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git
automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

    This way you don't accidentally pull the changes that you don't want. Instead, you can manually pull them to keep things logically intact. This is especially true if you want to make a new branch.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches.  When would you
use one instead of another?

    Forks are essentially clones of repositories, but within GitHub's servers; you would use this feature to work on a repository without saving any of your commits to the original. Clones are duplicates of repositories that are downloaded locally, you would use this so that you can directly edit a repository on GitHub. Branches are created with new commits that take a different direction with the code; often used when trying to implement experiemental changes or additions.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote
stored locally?

    If something were to happen where the last known state was changed in a way that you didn't approve, having the commit locally would allow you to tweak the code that you like with the remote commit. And merge as necessary

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub?  What would be easier,
and what would be harder?

    You could use another form of online version-control or cloud storage like dropbox or Google
    Drive. But then you wouldn't have as much control over different versions. You could also meet
    in person, but then commuting is a new factor in the process.

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in
master?  What benefits does each approach have?

    If you are making a controversial change and you want someone to verify said change before
    it directly impacts the master branch. The benefits are more control and better collaboration.
